README.md, before:

# amq-scripts
click on a script name below to install

### [AMQ Anisongdb Search](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqAnisongdbSearch.user.js)
- AnisongDB search in game https://imgur.com/a/TmqtE5K

### [AMQ Answer Stats](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqAnswerStats.user.js)
- Tools for analyzing ranked answers in real time https://imgur.com/QIcwtXE

### [AMQ Chat Plus](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqChatPlus.user.js)
- Customizable chat/dms https://imgur.com/FAT78Ep

### [AMQ Custom Song List Game](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqCustomSongListGame.user.js)
- Play a solo game with a custom song list https://imgur.com/a/tGzQAeU

### [AMQ Mega Commands](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqMegaCommands.user.js)
- Lots of commands (replacement for several other scripts)

### [AMQ New Game Mode UI](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqNewGameModeUI.user.js)
- A fully automatic guess counter for your team in new game mode https://imgur.com/a/OqrQ6nI

### [AMQ Play Button Shortcuts](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqPlayButtonShortcuts.user.js)
- Add Solo, Multiplayer, Nexus shortcuts to the play button https://imgur.com/a/9nmYmSt

### [AMQ Quick Load Lists](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqQuickLoadLists.user.js)
- Add a window for quick loading lists + status https://imgur.com/a/B4ucCYV

### [AMQ Show All Song Links](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqShowAllSongLinks.user.js)
- Show all song links in the song info container https://imgur.com/a/bfnZoQu

### [AMQ Show Room Players](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqShowRoomPlayers.user.js)
- Mouse over the players bar on a room tile to show full player list https://imgur.com/jivcLDo

### [AnisongDB Utilities](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/anisongdbUtilities.user.js)
- Some extra functionality for AnisongDB https://imgur.com/a/zqq65EO

Commit message:

added notes of what the fork adds

README.md, after:

# Changes in this fork
This fork mostly changes some minor details with how CSL operates and adds niche functionality. Mostly here for me to be able to listen/train songs as background music (in review phase so that i know what song im listening to as well). 
- Instead of review phase taking 25 seconds flat regardless of answer phase time, review phase time is now equivalent to answer phase time (was adjustable as its own slider in older version if yuh rly want that)
- Ability to not play with to training mode restrictions without having stats change (freezes difficulty distribution). Click "No Weight Update" to toggle this.

# amq-scripts
click on a script name below to install

### [AMQ Anisongdb Search](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqAnisongdbSearch.user.js)
- AnisongDB search in game https://imgur.com/a/TmqtE5K

### [AMQ Answer Stats](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqAnswerStats.user.js)
- Tools for analyzing ranked answers in real time https://imgur.com/QIcwtXE

### [AMQ Chat Plus](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqChatPlus.user.js)
- Customizable chat/dms https://imgur.com/FAT78Ep

### [AMQ Custom Song List Game](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqCustomSongListGame.user.js)
- Play a solo game with a custom song list https://imgur.com/a/tGzQAeU

### [AMQ Mega Commands](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqMegaCommands.user.js)
- Lots of commands (replacement for several other scripts)

### [AMQ New Game Mode UI](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqNewGameModeUI.user.js)
- A fully automatic guess counter for your team in new game mode https://imgur.com/a/OqrQ6nI

### [AMQ Play Button Shortcuts](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqPlayButtonShortcuts.user.js)
- Add Solo, Multiplayer, Nexus shortcuts to the play button https://imgur.com/a/9nmYmSt

### [AMQ Quick Load Lists](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqQuickLoadLists.user.js)
- Add a window for quick loading lists + status https://imgur.com/a/B4ucCYV

### [AMQ Show All Song Links](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqShowAllSongLinks.user.js)
- Show all song links in the song info container https://imgur.com/a/bfnZoQu

### [AMQ Show Room Players](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/amqShowRoomPlayers.user.js)
- Mouse over the players bar on a room tile to show full player list https://imgur.com/jivcLDo

### [AnisongDB Utilities](https://github.com/kempanator/amq-scripts/raw/main/anisongdbUtilities.user.js)
- Some extra functionality for AnisongDB https://imgur.com/a/zqq65EO
